Shared Concepts in MEI (Chapter 2): observed issues

Module reference in opening paragraph should link to something. Might be worth reversing the two sentences. 
  I don't know where I would link to, so a novice definitely wouldn't.

If someone is reading sequentially, there is apparently no mention of modules prior to Chapter 2. 

We should name the modules in the introductory materials and create a context for what follows. That could happen in chapter 1 or at the beginning of chapter 2.  Right now, the beginning is a longer exposition, but the reader wouldn't know where it's leading. 

We should link to the relevant tutorial, and the example of a minimal header could be moved closer to its initial description, possibly after the mention of "Structure of the MEI header."

Cross-references between tutorials and guidelines

Perhaps offset the additional info in at the end of a section with a "see also" subheading.

Less use of passive voice may help clarify content and flow of text.

Examples of single, composite, grouped, etc. documents could make the text seem less abstract.

Phrases like "score meta-information" warrant clarification or simplified language, perhaps an "i.e.," clause.

2.2's intro merits more explanation/context.

2.2.4.5 definitely merits more explanation/context/examples.

2.2.5 items could use examples in context. Linked content would be bewildering to a beginner.

2.2.5.5 Ornaments
- how to break this out so it is easier to understand?
- create a tutorial that demonstrates how to use with Unicode or how to create user-defined symbols.

2.3.3 Classification and 2.3.4 Responsibility Attributes - need some context or description.

2.3.5 Linking Attributes should link to Chapter 10 where there is a more detailed description (ch. 10 then mentions ch. 13 for linked data)

2.4.2.1 Defining Reusable Symbols
- need clarity about how to identify the line numbers in x, y, x2, y2 in a real-world use case
- why can't we use startid/endid instead or notation-based way in relation to where it is in your score.
